fix: update torchserve readme links (#2394)
kserve/kserve: docs/samples/v1beta1/transformer/torchserve_image_transformer/README.md

## Run a prediction

> The first step is to [determine the ingress IP and ports](https://kserve.github.io/website/get_started/first_isvc/#3-determine-the-ingress-ip-and-ports) and set `INGRESS_HOST` and `INGRESS_PORT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to [determine the ingress IP and ports](https://kserve.github.io/website/master/get_started/first_isvc/#4-determine-the-ingress-ip-and-ports) and set `INGRESS_HOST` and `INGRESS_PORT`
```
